1.
	**mugging**
	**kidnapping**
	**robbery**
	**pickpocketing**
	**shoplifting**
	**vandalism**

2.
Gap-fill: formal, accurate, plead, surveillance, prior, murder, minor, custody
	As the accused had no prior convictions he was let off with a warning.
	The city council has installed surveillance cameras …
	The police have issued a formal statement concerning the murder trial.
	The witness was able to give the police a very accurate description of the attacker.
	Everyone was shocked to hear the thief plead guilty.
	The lack of witnesses makes this murder case particularly difficult. 
	Parking your car in a disabled space is classed as a minor offence.
	The suspect is being held in police custody. 

3.
	… was charged with wreckless driving.
	… blame for …
	A burglar broke into the families house while they were sleeping.
	The shopkeeper is under arrest for fraud.
	… officer in charge to get a visitors permit.
	The police force is on call day and night to keep the city safe.

4.
Gap-fill: make, break, press, inquire, accuse, brief, steal, violate
	If you smoke in a public place in the UK you are braking the law.
	The prisoner has made many attempts to escape.
	The driver… are violating a traffic law.
	The officers were briefed on the investigation by the chief of police.
	The authorities are inquiring about …
	… he was accusing you of something.
	… the thief stole an estimated 120k pounds of jewelery.
	… attempts to press charges for assault
	In their desperation … .
	Both men were found guilty of murder and given life sentences.